EDWARD JUVIER
I highly recommend Max as a photographer. His friendly demeanor and easy working style made the shoot comfortable and enjoyable. Max has a knack for capturing fantastic moments and he went above and beyond to ensure we got the perfect final shot. I wouldn't hesitate to book with him again for any future. Thanks Max!
ALEXIS GRUBER
I highly recommend Max, a talented young photographer who recently took pictures for our family event. Max was incredibly kind, professional, and patient throughout the entire process. His ability to capture beautiful photos was matched by his swift and meticulous editing, ensuring a quick turnaround time. Max made the experience enjoyable for the children and stress-free. If you're looking for a photographer who combines skill with a professional and kind demeanor, Max is an excellent choice.
ELENA GRASSI
Max is an amazing and insightful photographer! We absolutely loved the headshots he took. Highly recommended!!
ALEXANDRA MARTIN
These photos were gorgeous! Max photographed me a year ago for headshots, and the growth in talent has been incredible. He’s diligent, the determination to make the pictures perfect is admirable, and his work ethic are all illustrated throughout his work. These photos are being submitted for a championship! I couldn’t ask for better ones! Great experience :)
MORGAN
I highly recommend Max as a photographer! He is incredibly kind and professional, and his photos are wonderful! He struck the right balance between capturing candids and posed photos -- exactly what I wanted. I look forward to booking him for my events to come! 10/10
DENVER ROSE
10/10, made it a very comfortable experience and took beautiful photos
BONNIE MILLER
We had so much fun taking family photos. Max was kind, patient and professional! The pictures he took came out beautiful!
CRISTINA
We were so lucky to find Max and his work with Julia’s headshots was fantastic. Amazing quality and value- and he captured so much of her personality and character. He is a pleasure to work with and I think this is a unique opportunity to work with a young, riding talent before he becomes so huge he is no longer affordable for the regular folks! Highly recommended. Thank you Max!
SHAWN NOVATT
Max did a fantastic job taking pics of my staff as headshots. He brought lighting and a pro camera and an easy going attitude. The pics came out great. We already booked our next session!
CASSIDY GILL
He [Max] helped me out with poses and emotions and made me feel so comfortable with the pictures. I LOVED how the pictures came out and they were exactly how I imagined they’d be! I would absolutely recommend Max to anyone needing professional photos or even casual ones! I’m so grateful for him and his services , the money was well spent!
KIMBERLY BALDUCCI
Max was very professional and knowledgeable. He was very helpful in recommending outfits and colors. The pictures came out beautiful. But more importantly he made my daughters feel comfortable and was able to capture their personalities.
DANICA REINA
I loved getting headshots by Max N Cheese photography!! I wanted headshots for other theater auditions because I didn’t have good photos of me to show. So headshots by Max was cheaper then getting a fancy professional that edits you to the point that you don’t even see some of your features!! Max’s headshots were fairly price for the amazing quality pictures I got!! Overall it was so much fun to walk around Northport village and getting pro pictures for auditions!! Thank you so so much definitely would recommend and I’m definitely going to get more headshots at another point!!
MO
Very professional. We are all very thankful to Max to have these memories for a lifetime. Thank you
